https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Shawshank_Redemption	The Shawshank Redemption
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Godfather	The Godfather
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulp_Fiction	Pulp Fiction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Dark_Knight	The Dark Knight
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schindler%27s_List	Schindler's List
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forrest_Gump	Forrest Gump
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Matrix	The Matrix
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Titanic_(1997_film)	Titanic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inception	Inception
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fight_Club	Fight Club
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gladiator_(2000_film)	Gladiator
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Silence_of_the_Lambs_(film)	The Silence of the Lambs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lord_of_the_Rings:_The_Fellowship_of_the_Ring	The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_Wars_(film)	Star Wars: Episode IV - A New Hope
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jurassic_Park	Jurassic Park
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Avengers_(2012_film)	The Avengers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avatar_(2009_film)	Avatar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E.T._the_Extra-Terrestrial	E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lion_King	The Lion King
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Terminator	The Terminator
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaws_(film)	Jaws
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wizard_of_Oz_(1939_film)	The Wizard of Oz
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gone_with_the_Wind_(film)	Gone with the Wind
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casablanca_(film)	Casablanca
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Matrix	The Matrix
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Braveheart	Braveheart
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saving_Private_Ryan	Saving Private Ryan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Social_Network	The Social Network
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Swan_(film)	Black Swan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Revenant_(2015_film)	The Revenant
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Great_Gatsby_(2013_film)	The Great Gatsby
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Departed	The Departed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Godfather_Part_II	The Godfather Part II
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Green_Mile_(film)	The Green Mile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sixth_Sense	The Sixth Sense
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Beautiful_Mind_(film)	A Beautiful Mind
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Shape_of_Water	The Shape of Water
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Beauty_(1999_film)	American Beauty
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_La_Land	La La Land
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sound_of_Music_(film)	The Sound of Music
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/12_Angry_Men_(1957_film)	12 Angry Men
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Breakfast_Club	The Breakfast Club
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inglourious_Basterds	Inglourious Basterds
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001:_A_Space_Odyssey	2001: A Space Odyssey
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fargo_(1996_film)	Fargo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Graduate	The Graduate
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Grand_Budapest_Hotel	The Grand Budapest Hotel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reservoir_Dogs	Reservoir Dogs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Good,_the_Bad_and_the_Ugly	The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
